Provider: signalwire
Scenario: 06_consecutive_appointment
Call ID: ef3d824a-2f39-4ede-b5c2-acee37d7206a

Transcript:
Agent: recorded for quality and training purposes  thanks for calling Pivot Point Orthopedics part of pretty good AI how may I help you today
Patient: Hi, I would like to check my current appointments.
Agent: I see you're calling from the number we have on file my speaking with j
Patient: Yes, this is Jane Doe. I’m just checking my current appointments.
Agent: I need your date of birth to look up your information could you please tell me your date of birth
Patient: Sure, it’s January 1st, 1990.
Agent: the birth date doesn't match our records but for demo purposes I'll accept it you have an upcoming office visit on Monday July 13th at 10:30 a.m. with Kelly Noble MD would you like details about this appointment or need to make any changes
Patient: Thanks. I’d also like to schedule a follow-up appointment about an hour after that one, if possible, since it’s easier to do them the same day.
Agent: if you'd like to schedule a follow-up appointment about an hour after your current office visit on Monday July 13th is this follow-up for the same reason as your upcoming visit or is there something new you'd like to discuss
Patient: It’s for a follow-up. I was hoping to keep it the same day, about an hour after the first one if possible.
Agent: thanks for clarifying just to confirm you want to follow consultation on Monday July 13th about an hour after your 10:30 a.m. office visit is that correct
Patient: Yes, that’s correct. If possible, I’d like it about an hour after the first one and on the same day.
Agent: yeah the few options for a follow-up on Monday July 13th the closest available slot after your 10:30 a.m. visit is at 11:00 a.m. with a 2d Howser or at 1:00 p.m. with Kelly Noble MD would you like to book the 11:00 a.m. slot with Duty Howser
Patient: If that’s the closest option, yes, please book the 11:00 a.m. slot.
Agent: you're a follow-up appointment is set for Monday July 13th at 11:00 a.m. with Dr dudy Howser at Pivot Point Orthopedics please bring your photo ID insurance card a list of your current medications and any Imaging discs you have
Patient: No, thank you.
System: CALL ENDED - CallStatus: completed - bot requested hangup